- Yeah. this is what I do with women.
- I use my charm. use my good looks.
- Very tall. very handsome.
- He was definitely an attractive man.
- Very nice. Very well-spoken.
- I fell very much in love with Wade.
- I was gonna get married to him.
- I like tattoos.
To me. it was just attractive.
I almost thought I could fix him.
- I guess you know what comes across my mind--murder.
Just murder. murder.
Just kill. kill. kill.
- He's white. He's about 6' 2".
He's got tattoos. He's shirtless.
Said he killed some people.
- Oh. there is blood
all on the inside of the passenger seat.
- And. um. I choked her out
so she couldn't breathe anymore.
I was on a rampage at this point.
- We needed to find Wade Wilson right away.
- Face the fucking car. man-- - Fuck you!
- I stand here today to announce the indictment
of Wade Steven Wilson for the murders
of Kristine Melton and Diane Ruiz.
- This case exploded onto the social-media scene.
- To Wade Wilson. - Wade Wilson.
- Wade Wilson.
- Even though he committed two brutal and awful murders.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- Once in a while. a case comes along
where you truly have an absolutely evil person.
and this is one of those cases.
- When I get that way. I become the devil.
- It was a Sunday night.
And they called it Sunday Funday at the Buddha.
Everybody went to the Buddha on Sundays.
It was pretty much a ritual.
So me and Wade went together.
- Sound speed.
- Mila Montanez. Wade's girlfriend at the time.
Hi.
I am used to kind of dating the bad boys.
Very tall. very handsome. clean-cut.
except for his tattoos.
I like tattoos. so I was--
It wasn't scary.
A lot of people would be like. oh. that sounds scary.
To me. it was just attractive.
- It wasn't more than maybe two or three minutes.
and I bumped into Mila.
Hey. Mila. what are you doing?
And then she introduced me to her boyfriend. Wade.
My first impression was. run.
The hair on my neck stood up. I got a terrible feeling.
And I made a comment like.
you better take care of my girl. you know.
This is my best friend. You better take care of her.
And he's like. oh. don't worry. I got your girl.
- Wade always found a way to get drugs.
Wade was. like. a drug-sniffer dog or something.
And so same with the Buddha-- he walked around.
found somebody with drugs that interests him.
and he asked me to go with him.
And to me. that sounded like a nightmare.
So he keeps persisting that he wants to go.
And then I start getting irritated.
No. when I really put my foot down. no.
I saw that he was upset.
Once he realized I was not gonna go do drugs with him.
he needed to find some people that would.
Then all of a sudden. I saw him leaving for the door.
- And I was like. Mila. was that your car?
And she was like. yeah.
I'm like. why aren't you in it?
She's like. I don't know. Wade just left me here.
- I don't even care anymore.
I'm gonna go to sleep. get my car back in the morning.
I'm totally done with this relationship.
The next morning. I woke up to thousands of phone calls.
- I need to find you.
I need to come get you right now.
- What's chilling about it is. he had just murdered somebody.
- And I could tell that he was starting to get angry.
aggressive. starting to call me all kinds of names.
And. like--
and doing his back-and-forth thing that he does.
I miss you. sweetheart.
I'm so sorry I left without you.
- So I said. will you just meet me at the spa?
I've got this little spa down the street.
It's mostly couples' massages and facials
and stuff like that.
Wanted to be a nurse. Changed my mind.
So I ended up back to owning the spa.
And so he pulls in in a car we had never seen.
- This is not her car. What is going on?
I never thought that he was gonna attack her
in the parking lot.
That's when he tried to grab her
and tried to pull her into the vehicle.
This is broad daylight.
And I just froze.
and I immediately called 911.
- There's a man grabbing a woman in our parking lot.
He has no shirt on.
and he has tattoos all over his body.
- He grabs me by the hair.
And we just fall to the ground.
He starts punching me. biting me.
I think he was hoping to knock me out.
'cause he got me really good right in the nose.
and blood just went everywhere.
- You could hear the sirens.
You could hear they were coming.
Wade took off in the car.
I was terrified.
I was upset that I didn't help.
I was scared.
- Come here. What happened?
- Officer.
- My boyfriend beat me up
right in front of the spa.
- My name is Tim McCormick.
I was on regular routine patrol that morning.
Her face was bloodied and swollen.
and her clothes were covered in blood.
- He got a really good punch in. where--
When he had to swing. he had to let go of me.
I had no choice but to think he was gonna kill me.
There was absolutely no emotion
behind those eyes at all.
I fell in love with the same eyes.
Younger guys didn't interest me at all.
He was interested in only me. it seemed.
And then it wasn't too long into it
that I said we should find a house together.
And so we eventually moved in together.
I really thought that he might be the one.
I couldn't imagine things going so south.
- Bike 5. I'm at Joe's Crab Shack
in the parking lot.
Amy lured him back so that we had a chance to apprehend him.
She said he was in the parking lot at Joe's Crab Shack
across from the spa.
- I was surprised he was there. period.
because pretty stupid move on his part.
Copy. I'm 10-12.
Hmm?
I'll explain to you when my partner gets here. okay?
- Yeah.
- Hmm?
- About this morning.
Hmm?
- I knew the conversation wasn't gonna go well
because he wouldn't roll his window down past--
I don't know--3 inches.
Is the car running? Shut the car off for me.
- It's off. - It's off?
I'm gonna detain you...
until I figure out...
what exactly is going on.
- Wade. you don't want any trouble from me.
Okay. Yeah. that's what I'm saying.
So I'm gonna have you step out of the car.
and I'm gonna detain you.
Not arrest. detain you right now. okay?
And I can't have any problems. You understand me?
His nonverbal cues were basically stating
that he wanted nothing to do
with discussing the situation with me.
Carotid artery was going at. you know. 100 miles a minute.
- No.
I have to detain you.
By our procedures. I have to detain you.
Hmm?
Because of the battery this morning.
There wasn't any battery?
Okay.
That's when I think he made the decision
that it was time for him to get out of the situation.
Relax.
Let me see the keys to the car.
- Keys.
Keys.
- Wade. we're not gonna have any problems.
Just give me the keys to the car.
- Wade.
- All right.
- Just wait till my partner gets here.
L41. gonna need a couple more units.
Don't go anywhere.
Hey!
- Alpha DD. we're en route. We're near you.
- He's taking off. Fort Myers.
Just ran a stop sign.
He's going up towards McGregor.
- What's the vehicle description?
- Black Nissan Versa.
I'm off of him.
Alpha 8. we're off of him.
I'm just looking to see if he's in the area.
The reason we didn't pursue him or go after him.
we had misdemeanor battery as a charge.
Plus. policy and procedure with the police department is.
we don't pursue.
- Wade kept calling me persistently after that.
I just want to kiss you on the forehead
and tell you what I had done.
And. Mila. I wasn't trying to hurt you.
I was just trying to get you in the car.
Why were you not cooperating?
Why wouldn't you just get in the car?
Why did you make me hit you?
- Baby. why the hell do you want to kill me?
What the fuck is up with that?
Nobody was taking it as serious as they should have.
But. also. nobody knew what had just happened
and what was about to happen.
Oh. there is blood.
- I have a feeling that she's in this car.
- 911. what is your emergency?
- I have a very unstable man at my office.
The gentleman's name is Wade. Wade-something.
- How did he arrive? - In a black car.
In a black little four-door car. Nissan car.
He's got tattoos. He's shirtless.
He said he killed some people.
And he just hurt a girl.
- Is he white. Black. or Hispanic?
- He's white. He's about 6' 2".
He has tattoos.
He's not wearing a shirt right now.
- About how old is he?
- I would say 25.
- Okay. Do not approach the person.
An officer will be dispatched as soon as possible.
- You guys are on.
- Are you the caller? Are you who called us?
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. - Okay.
- They received a telephone call from a gentleman
by the name of Joshua Lukitsch from Matteo's Graphics.
- Wade Steven Wilson. that's the guy's name.
- Okay. - You guys got him?
- How do you know Wade?
- He's just a friend of a friend.
He was here and talking about how he killed somebody
last night and stole her car.
- And stole her car? - Stole a car.
I don't know.
That's it. you know? - Got ya. okay.
- We do have a Nissan
in the back fenced-in area over here.
- Car's locked.
There is a blood drip on the grill.
- When they arrive. they look into the car.
and they see that there is some blood
on the inside of the vehicle.
- See that? - Yeah.
- And right there?
- Wait. go back to what you said.
- These little drips?
- You don't think that's coffee?
- I don't think so.
- They ran the tag of that car.
and they saw it belonged to a Kristine Melton.
- Kristine Melton was a 35-year-old young lady.
who was-- she was a waitress.
She had just come down from the state of Illinois
with her family.
- She had a cat named Monty that she was very fond of.
And they just--everybody had nothing but nice things.
really. to say about Kristine.
- I have a feeling that she's in this car.
- They went ahead and broke the driver's side window.
- Oh. there is blood
all on the inside of the passenger seat.
Pop that trunk. Nothing?
Nope.
- We needed to find Kristine Melton right away.
I am Trish Bell.
I was the lead detective in the Wade Wilson case.
We called her emergency contact.
who put us in contact
with her best friend. Stephanie Johnson.
They had gone out that night to the Buddha bar.
They met a gentleman-- or a man.
Identified himself as JR.
She identified him as Wade Wilson
from a photo lineup.
They had left the bar with JR
and that had eventually gone back to her house.
It was around 5:00 in the morning.
Stephanie left in her car.
and so it left Kristine Melton and Wade Wilson alone.
alive and well.
We had officers that were at her house break the door
and go inside.
and that's when we located her.
She was discovered wrapped in some blankets and bedding.
You really couldn't see her.
but you could tell there was. like. a body in a hallway
exiting her bedroom.
He choked her out and killed her by asphyxiation.
And then possibly after her death.
he sexually assaulted her with objects
that he found within the home.
Wade Wilson was in a rage for that day.
and we didn't think he was going to stop.
- Right after it happened. I was interrogated.
I didn't even know
that he went home with a girl at that time.
I just thought he stole my car
with the guy he was gonna go do drugs with.
I was so tired. I was still hurt.
My nose was still bleeding.
Every time I would cry. my nose started bleeding again.
- Mm-hmm.
He's been in and out of jail his whole life.
He had a rape in Tallahassee
that a jury found him not guilty.
a beating and everything. brutal kidnapping. all that.
I almost thought I could fix him.
One time. he grabbed me by the hair
and started banging my head against the headboard.
He drug me into the shower. turned the shower on.
and continued to beat me under the shower.
And then he just sat on the toilet
and kind of just watched me.
almost like a demon took over him. and then left.
- What does he say?
I kept asking.
so we don't know if this girl is okay or not yet?
- The whole thing just kind of really hit me that--
just surreal...
to be able to absorb that somebody you were in love with
was capable of doing anything like that.
- 911. what is your emergency?
- I would like to file a missing persons report.
- Right around the same time.
there was a missing person report.
- She was walking to work. okay?
And never made it to work.
Her purse was found.
and she is nowhere to be found.
- Okay. And who is that to you?
- That is my fiancée.
- Which ended up to be Diane Ruiz.
Is it possible for these two to be connected?
Did Wade Wilson do something to this woman. too?
She hadn't returned home. and that was out of the ordinary.
- Her phone is not in her purse that they found.
And I have called it numerous times.
and it goes straight to voicemail.
- Okay. we're going to get an officer to you. okay?
- Thank you very much.
- My name is Nicholas Jones.
I'm a detective with the Cape Coral Police Department.
and I was assigned
to the Diane Ruiz missing person case.
So I kind of left Detective Bell
with the rest of our violent crimes unit
and started this missing person investigation.
- Diane--I think "loyal" would be a good description of her.
She was very close to her fiancé.
was a wonderful mom.
She had a son and a daughter.
And she worked at the Moose Lodge
and was a bartender there.
had lots of friends.
She was very close to work.
She lived very close from her house to work.
It was a short walk.
And where her purse was found
was on that path.
- We were waiting for some search dogs
and aviation unit with the sheriff's office
to come help search a wooded area
where her purse was located.
- There was never a night where
we didn't kiss each other good night.
And I'm missing that right now.
- Diane Ruiz's family are still reeling
from the sudden disappearance of the 43-year-old woman.
And her son. Brandon Cuellar
wants the nightmare to be over.
- I want my mother to come home.
That's my mother.
- I was sitting in the car. and I got an email
from the phone company
with Diane Ruiz's phone records.
I noticed that there were two phone calls that were made
right after she had gone missing.
I recognized the phone number
of Wade Wilson's girlfriend. Mila.
- We knew that Wade had Diane's phone.
So that just made us believe even stronger
that he had killed her as well.
- My heart kind of just sank
that we now have a second death investigation...
Kristine Melton. Diane Ruiz.
- I think he was just frantic. on a murdering high.
So. in the sequence of events.
he leaves Melton's house at 7:10.
He batters Mila at almost 9:00 a.m....
And then Diane Ruiz at 9:45.
He's just a psychopath killer
that likes to harm women.
We needed to find Wade Wilson right away.
- All bets are off.
Everybody's involved. multiple agencies trying to locate him.
- All right.
- We made contact with his bio father. Steve Testasecca.
- And she said. do you know where he's at?
And I said. no. I don't know where he's at.
And she said. have you heard from him?
I said. yeah.
- He said that he received a call from Wade.
and he was acting almost boastful and proud.
- And I'm hearing this man that I created--
helped create...
telling me the details
of all these things...
with joy in his voice. you know?
It made me want to throw up.
- Said that he killed two women
and that he was hiding in a house
close to where he had ran from us originally.
- He's like. Dad. I need you to come get me.
I'm in trouble.
I said. listen. you got to tell me what's going on.
And he started from the top.
Just the details that he went into about Kristine--
they had sex. and she fell asleep on the bed.
Got on top of her and choked her to death.
I hadn't even heard about...
Diane's situation yet.
But just the details that he went into about Kristine.
you know. rolling her up in the bedding
and tying her up and dragging her down.
trying to get her to the car. but he couldn't.
She was too heavy. you know?
Hearing him describe those things to me...
I can't explain that feeling. you know...
from your kid. you know. your son.
I knew Wade's mom. She got pregnant.
I was 15. She was 14.
And then I got in some trouble.
And I ended up
doing eight months in a juvenile program.
And I got a legal document
saying that she was...
putting him up for adoption.
I couldn't do anything about it.
All I could think about--
just that innocent kid. you know?
And I just was-- in my mind. was like.
how did we get here?
You know what I mean? How did we get here?
Because he wasn't raised like that.
His adoptive family-- they're solid people.
good people. hardworking. honest Christian people.
- This is his son. and he loves him.
but he's already admitting that he's killed two women.
and he's afraid of what more would happen
if he didn't call us.
- I knew he enjoyed it.
I knew...
he wanted me to feel--
I don't even think intentionally.
he wanted me to feel his excitement.
I just feel like he just was so amped up talking about it.
I don't want to say joy.
just adrenaline. maybe. you know?
He wanted me to feel that.
- He cooperated and ultimately got Wade Wilson.
Said he would send him an Uber.
and that's how he got the address
to where Wade Wilson was located.
- All right. buddy. I'm going to go do it down here.
- Okay. That's cool. - Come on here. buddy.
- Wade Wilson came out of the house
and surrendered to law enforcement
without any incident.
- It's a hard decision. I promise you.
And it's the worst decision I've ever had to make.
- Face the fucking car. man. Spread your feet.
- You know. fuck you. man. both: Fuck you.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- I don't care what anybody says.
It doesn't bother me. because I know in my heart
that I did the right thing.
You know. I made the right choice.
- I'm gonna put some new handcuffs on you.
So. if you do anything stupid.
I'm gonna slam you on your face.
- Do I look stupid?
You can slam me on my face if you want to--I don't care.
I'm not gonna do nothing. - All right.
- But you don't have to threaten me.
I didn't do shit to you. - Wade. man. come on. stop.
- Watch your neck. man. Nope.
Put it in this way. Yep. I just don't want--
- Now the question then became.
was how we were going to put this together
and what we needed in order to have a successful prosecution.
- You can move those to the front.
- It was probably 12:30. 1:00.
He starts by asking me to take off his handcuffs.
He says he'll tell me whatever I want to know.
- All right. I'll make it work. Thank you.
- Promise? - Can I just take them off?
I'll be cool. - No.
And I decline that offer.
I think he would have tried to escape.
I do believe that he probably would have attempted
to do something if he got his cuffs off.
He just murdered two women.
I'm another woman in the room with him.
Are you questioning me for something?
- Throughout the interview.
he tries to control the interview.
He always thinks he's the smartest person in the room.
He thinks that he's gonna get one up on you.
He thinks he's charming and that he can charm any female.
- Mm-hmm.
- Hey.
- He does have a presence about him.
It's almost like when you're watching a scary movie
and you're just waiting for something to happen.
And that's kind of how I felt through the whole interview.
- He was a difficult interview. yeah.
There was a lot of patience in that interview.
- Mm-mm.
Mm...
- I interviewed Wade Wilson for a couple hours.
It could have gone longer.
but he wasn't going to give me any more information.
And then we executed a search warrant for his DNA.
and we took some pictures of him.
looking for injuries and stuff like that.
- At the same time.
I'm still looking for Diane Ruiz.
- I didn't know where she was.
- Tonight. continuing coverage of the disappearance
of Diane Ruiz
and the death investigation of Kristine Melton.
- Friends and family prayed for Diane Ruiz's safe return.
- A lot of man-hours and time
is being put into both of these.
and they're both being taken very seriously.
And we've also used outside resources.
- It is really chilling to see him--
you know. just knowing he was right in front of my house.
- Abbott says his home-security footage
shows the black Nissan police were looking for
speeding down his street.
- Kind of the scary thing--
you don't know if the body was in there.
- We had search parties out.
We were searching any wooded area
in that vicinity
of where her cell phone was pinging.
any vacant homes. anywhere that--
hide a body.
- It was two days after he was arrested.
I got a call from that same detective.
And she asked me. she said.
do you think that Wade would talk to you?
And I said. yeah. I think he'll talk to me.
And I asked her why.
And she said. you know. we're searching for Diane's body.
and we can't find her.
So the next day. I went in to visit him.
- At that time. he was in a suicide suit.
He had threatened to commit suicide while over there.
It's a large green suit.
It goes over your head and shoulders.
We call it a turtle suit. because it does--
it looks like.
you know. someone in a turtle shell. basically.
He looked at me. and he said...
Dad...
did you turn me in?
- When I say that to you...
I said. listen...
You know. the second woman--
I said. you know she has two kids. right?
- I want my mother to come home.
That's my mother.
- He had tears in his eyes.
And he said. well. what do I do?
I said. you tell the truth. son.
I said. you tell the truth.
- Yeah.
He asked me. you know. will you tell the detectives
to come talk to me?
And I'll tell them the truth.
- Diane Ruiz's cell phone
had pinged off of cell towers in this area.
So we concentrated our search for a couple of days
without any luck.
And then we had--
two of our officers were eating lunch
in the vacant field over here.
And while they were eating lunch.
they noticed that there was a buzzard flying around.
And they watched that buzzard. you know. drop down
into the vacant field behind me.
And they went and took a look.
and. sure enough. that's when they found Diane Ruiz
in the bushes.
Her pants had been partially removed from her body.
And she was in stages of decomposition
from being there for a couple of days.
It was probably two hours into the scene now
that I get a phone call
from the Lee County Sheriff's Office
telling me that. hey.
Wade Wilson asked for you to come over here.
He wants to talk to you.
He didn't know at that point that I--
or we had already found Diane Ruiz.
so I just played along.
So the very first thing that he had told me was.
is that he wanted me
to provide him with a hamburger and French fries.
And he would. in turn. show me
where Diane Ruiz was located.
- I knew that that wasn't going to happen.
but I didn't want to tell him that at first.
I wanted to find out more. you know. details. like I said.
about what actually happened.
- He said in his confession he was looking for someone.
And when he saw her. he said. oh. that's her.
I'm gonna get her. I'm gonna kill her.
- Good afternoon. everybody. Thank you so much for coming.
I am State Attorney Amira Fox.
And I stand here today
with Cape Coral Police Chief Dave Newlan.
Detective Bell. and Detective Jones.
and our teams from both our offices
to announce the indictment of Wade Steven Wilson
for the murders of Kristine Melton. age 35.
and Diane Ruiz. 43.
both of Cape Coral.
Once in a while. a case comes along
where you truly have an absolutely evil person.
and this is one of those cases.
- We do this because of victims and their families
in front of a worldwide audience
to make sure that that evil killer
got the penalty that we thought was the appropriate penalty.
- And this is one of those cases.
- We've gained enough worldwide fame.
You're talking about who's the most famous right now.
It's me.
- Wade Wilson... - For Wade Wilson...
- Wade Wilson.
- This case exploded. - This went worldwide.
- To Wade Wilson. - Wade Wilson.
- He had girls all around the world
writing him. sending him money.
- At one point. a GoFundMe account was set up.
- Wilson has received over 3.900 messages.
- I love you so much. baby.
Baby. you know we can still get married. right?
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-